Deprecate ROPC flow (#16)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go: msal-go/packages/public/index.md

## type AcquireByUsernamePasswordOption

>[!WARNING]

> > The AcquireTokenByUsernamePassword flow has been deprecated due to security risks, use a more secure flow. Follow [this guide](https://aka.ms/msal-ropc-migration) for migration guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The AcquireTokenByUsernamePassword has been deprecated due to security risks. Microsoft recommends using a more secure authentication flow. Follow the official guidance on how to [Migrate from ROPC](https://aka.ms/msal-ropc-migration).
```
